chore(docs): DatadogECSFargate Examples (#399)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: examples/ecs/python-stack/README.md

# Datadog CDK Python Example

Use this example Python stack to try out the [datadog-cdk-constructs](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs) v2 library.

## Getting Started

1. Get a Datadog API key to send monitoring data ([Datadog API keys documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token)).

> 1. Run `export DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY>` to set the Datadog API key in your shell session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the Datadog API key in your shell session: `export DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY>`
```

> 1. Run `virtualenv env` to create a virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a virtual environment: `virtualenv env`
```

> 1. Run `source env/bin/activate` to activate the virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Activate the virtual environment: `source env/bin/activate`
```

> 1. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
```

> 1. Run `cdk diff` to see the resource and permission changes that are made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the resource and permission changes: `cdk diff`
```

> 1. Run `cdk deploy` to deploy the stack to AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the stack to AWS: `cdk deploy`
```

> 1. Invoke your ECS Task Defintions and look for them in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/) (metrics, traces, logs, orchestrator explorer, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Invoke your ECS task definitions and verify data in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/) (metrics, traces, logs, orchestrator explorer, etc.).
```

## Testing

> When updating the Datadog CDK package and running a python example, you can test locally by following the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating the Datadog CDK package and testing with a Python example, follow the steps below to test locally:
```

1. Run `yarn build` to create the Python package.

> 1. Run `cp dist/python/datadog_cdk_constructs_v2-$VERSION.tar.gz examples/ecs/python-stack` to copy your local module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the local module: `cp dist/python/datadog_cdk_constructs_v2-$VERSION.tar.gz examples/ecs/python-stack`
```

> 1. Run `cd examples/ecs/python-stack` to navigate to the stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the example stack directory: `cd examples/ecs/python-stack`
```

> 1. Run `virtualenv env && source env/bin/activate` to create a virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a virtual environment: `virtualenv env && source env/bin/activate`
```

> 1. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
```

> 1. Run `pip install ./datadog_cdk_constructs_v2-$VERSION.tar.gz` to install your local module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install your local module: `pip install ./datadog_cdk_constructs_v2-$VERSION.tar.gz`
```

> 1. Run `cdk synth` to view your updated yaml task definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. View your updated YAML task definition: `cdk synth`
```

> 1. Run `cdk deploy` to deploy your updated resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy your updated resources: `cdk deploy`
```
